a rescue George he was 2 years old he's
not just a friend he's family
don't move a muscle are you crazy don't
move very funny you and I laughing at
your joke new guy you know about he cry
you can get up now and check your diaper
come on let's go your message about
Georgie ok George it's ok isn't mirrors
he considerably bigger no he's
definitely bigger find someone who knows
exactly what the hell this thing is
I found her no that's a lie technically
she found us what's happening to my
friend are you familiar with genetic
editing changes will be incredibly
unpredictable increased strength George
speed agility
sails and chase takane run Where's
George I need to see him he is dangerous
I think it's time for me to turn the man
[Music]
we've created the next chapter in
natural selection project rampage works
got another one of your little science
experiments running around what do you
mean
of course the wolf lives
this time we throw everything we can at
these things and get people the hell out
of that city let's go save the world
that's a big arm don't fight it
you know there are other ways of dealing
with people I do know that yeah but
that's not fun
George okay ready to do this buddy
it's weird you like hang out with
animals more than people yeah
well animals get me a rescue George
Feeny was 2 years old
George never would have survived on his
own he definitely trusts you last night
George was 7 feet away 500 pounds
George you okay buddy you're scared it's
okay this morning his nine feet pushing
a thousand what's happening to my friend
familiar with genetic editing changes
will be incredibly unpredictable is he
the only one oh you didn't know about
the 30-foot wolf
[Music]
[Applause]
hell of a day huh science experiments
falling from the sky
having George on that plane it's big
mistake
I think we'll be all right
let's go save the world
it's coming back
you have to evacuate Chicago George
didn't ask for this they're gonna put
them down
that's not happening
[Music]
there's something in the river I was
just thinking the only thing that's
missing right now is the giant crocodile
[Music]
that fast